README.md, before:

Considering that I'm not delivering software anymore on a maschine running Windows since early 2016 I'm not using posh-gvm anymore. It seems like it's mostly still working but clearly an active maintainer would be helpful. It's so old that the orginial projects was renamed and did grow quiet a bit over the functionality provided for Powershell. If anyone wants to pick up...

# posh-gvm - the POwerSHell Groovy enVironment Manager
Posh-GVM is a clone of the [GVM CLI](https://github.com/gvmtool/gvm). In most aspects its an 1:1 copy of the BASH based version.

For further information about the features of GVM please the documentation on the [GVM Project Page](http://gvmtool.net).

Posh-GVM consumes the REST-API of the offical GVM CLI and may therefore break if the API will be changed in future.

Please report any bugs and feature request on the [GitHub Issue Tracker](https://github.com/flofreud/posh-gvm/issues).

## ATTENTION - Always offline and selfupdate Issue
Recently the used url for the API endpoint got drop so that the posh-gvm thinks there is always a connection issue. The newest available version uses the new API endpoint but due to the expected connection issue the update has to be done manually.

Please update the posh-gvm client using your favorite method. PsGet users also could use `Update-Module posh-gvm`.

## Differences to the BASH version
- different directory used as default ~\.posh-gvm instead of ~\.gvm -> posh-gvm is not directly able to manage the .gvm-dir of GVM
- command extension are not supported
- different way to configurate data-dir and auto-anwser
- not all installable candidates are useful currently in Powershell (eg the groovyserv 0.13 package is not usable because there is no client app/script in the package)

## Installation

You have multiple choices for installation of posh-gvm:

Requirements:
- Powershell 3.0+ (included in Windows 8+/Windows Server 2012+, for Windows 7 install Windows Management Framework 3.0)

### With PsGet
1. Execute `Install-Module posh-gvm`
2. Execute `Import-Module posh-gvm`(best add it to your profile.ps1)
3. Execute `gvm help` to get started!

### Via short script
1. Execute `(new-object Net.WebClient).DownloadString('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flofreud/posh-gvm/master/GetPoshGvm.ps1') | iex`
2. Execute `Import-Module posh-gvm`(best add it to your profile.ps1)
3. Execute `gvm help` to get started!

### Classic way
1. Checkout this repository to your Powershell module-directory.
2. Execute `Import-Module posh-gvm`(best add it to your profile.ps1)
3. Execute `gvm help` to get started!

## Update

Newer versions of posh-gvm will notify you about new versions which can be installed by `gvm selfupdate`. If `gvm version` does not show a version of posh-gvm you have to update manually.

### How to get a update of posh-gvm manually ?
How to update depends on how you installed posh-gvm:

#### With PsGet

	Update-Module posh-gvm

#### Via short Script

	(new-object Net.WebClient).DownloadString('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flofreud/posh-gvm/master/GetPoshGvm.ps1') | iex

#### Classic way
Go to the checkout location and pull the repository.

## Usage

For a general overview of the feature please the [GVM Project Page](http://gvmtool.net) because posh-gvm is designed to work like the original BASH client. Just replace `sdkman` for `gvm` and you'll have access to all the commands that you see in in the (GVM Tool homepage, now called sdkman)[http://sdkman.io/usage.html].

Add `Import-Module posh-gvm` to your powershell profile to be able to use it after each start of Powershell. If you do not know where your profile is located, execute `$Global:profile`.

### Configuration
By default posh-gvm put all the data (inclusive the to be installed executables) into ~/.posh_gvm. You can change the location by setting:

	$Global:PGVM_DIR = <path>

n your profile BEFORE the `Import-Module posh-gvm` line.

Similar to the BASH client you can configure posh-gvm to automatically set new installed versions as default version. You do this by adding:

	$Global:PGVM_AUTO_ANSWER = $true

in your profile.

## Use
Replace `sdkman` for `gvm` and you'll have access to all the commands that you see in in the (GVM Tool homepage, now called sdkman)[http://sdkman.io/usage.html]


## Uninstall
If you want to remove posh-gvm you need to perform 3 steps:

1. Remove the `Import-Module posh-gvm` statement from your powershell profile (The path can be found with `PS> $PROFILE`).
2. Remove the `posh-gvm` folder from you powershell modules (Most likely posh-gvm is in the first path of `PS> $env:PSModulePath`).
3. Remove the `~\posh_gvm` folder in your home folder.

If you now restart your powershell instance, posh-gvm is gone.

## Troubleshooting
Q: Error "File xxx cannot be loaded because the execution of scripts is disabled on this system. Please see "get-help about_signing" for more details."

A: By default, PowerShell restricts execution of all scripts. This is all about security. To "fix" this run PowerShell as Administrator and call

	Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned


## Running the Pester Tests

All posh-gvm test are written for Pester. Please see its documentation: https://github.com/pester/Pester

To run the tests in Powershell, load the Pester module and run in posh-gvm dir:

	$ Invoke-Pester

Commit message:

updating some documentation on posh gvm

README.md, after:


# posh-gvm - the POwerSHell Groovy enVironment Manager
Posh-GVM is a clone of the [GVM CLI](https://github.com/gvmtool/gvm). In most aspects its an 1:1 copy of the BASH based version.


This project is a fork from the original posh-gvm project created and maintained by flofreud. It has been forked to try and attempt to take over some maintenance of the project and bring it up to date as the old project has stopped functioning.

For further information about the features of GVM please the documentation on the [GVM Project Page](http://sdkman.io).

Posh-GVM consumes the REST-API of the offical GVM CLI and may therefore break if the API will be changed in future.

Please report any bugs and feature request on the [GitHub Issue Tracker](https://github.com/gomorpheus/posh-gvm/issues).

## ATTENTION - Always offline and selfupdate Issue
Recently the used url for the API endpoint got drop so that the posh-gvm thinks there is always a connection issue. The newest available version uses the new API endpoint but due to the expected connection issue the update has to be done manually.

Please update the posh-gvm client using your favorite method. PsGet users also could use `Update-Module posh-gvm`.

## Differences to the BASH version
- different directory used as default ~\.posh-gvm instead of ~\.gvm -> posh-gvm is not directly able to manage the .gvm-dir of GVM
- command extension are not supported
- different way to configurate data-dir and auto-anwser
- not all installable candidates are useful currently in Powershell (eg the groovyserv 0.13 package is not usable because there is no client app/script in the package)

## Installation

You have multiple choices for installation of posh-gvm:

Requirements:
- Powershell 3.0+ (included in Windows 8+/Windows Server 2012+, for Windows 7 install Windows Management Framework 3.0)

### With PsGet
1. Execute `Install-Module posh-gvm`
2. Execute `Import-Module posh-gvm`(best add it to your profile.ps1)
3. Execute `gvm help` to get started!

### Via short script
1. Execute `(new-object Net.WebClient).DownloadString('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flofreud/posh-gvm/master/GetPoshGvm.ps1') | iex`
2. Execute `Import-Module posh-gvm`(best add it to your profile.ps1)
3. Execute `gvm help` to get started!

### Classic way
1. Checkout this repository to your Powershell module-directory.
2. Execute `Import-Module posh-gvm`(best add it to your profile.ps1)
3. Execute `gvm help` to get started!

## Update

Newer versions of posh-gvm will notify you about new versions which can be installed by `gvm selfupdate`. If `gvm version` does not show a version of posh-gvm you have to update manually.

### How to get a update of posh-gvm manually ?
How to update depends on how you installed posh-gvm:

#### With PsGet

	Update-Module posh-gvm

#### Via short Script

	(new-object Net.WebClient).DownloadString('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flofreud/posh-gvm/master/GetPoshGvm.ps1') | iex

#### Classic way
Go to the checkout location and pull the repository.

## Usage

For a general overview of the feature please the [GVM Project Page](http://gvmtool.net) because posh-gvm is designed to work like the original BASH client. Just replace `sdkman` for `gvm` and you'll have access to all the commands that you see in in the (GVM Tool homepage, now called sdkman)[http://sdkman.io/usage.html].

Add `Import-Module posh-gvm` to your powershell profile to be able to use it after each start of Powershell. If you do not know where your profile is located, execute `$Global:profile`.

### Configuration
By default posh-gvm put all the data (inclusive the to be installed executables) into ~/.posh_gvm. You can change the location by setting:

	$Global:PGVM_DIR = <path>

n your profile BEFORE the `Import-Module posh-gvm` line.

Similar to the BASH client you can configure posh-gvm to automatically set new installed versions as default version. You do this by adding:

	$Global:PGVM_AUTO_ANSWER = $true

in your profile.

## Use
Replace `sdkman` for `gvm` and you'll have access to all the commands that you see in in the (GVM Tool homepage, now called sdkman)[http://sdkman.io/usage.html]


## Uninstall
If you want to remove posh-gvm you need to perform 3 steps:

1. Remove the `Import-Module posh-gvm` statement from your powershell profile (The path can be found with `PS> $PROFILE`).
2. Remove the `posh-gvm` folder from you powershell modules (Most likely posh-gvm is in the first path of `PS> $env:PSModulePath`).
3. Remove the `~\posh_gvm` folder in your home folder.

If you now restart your powershell instance, posh-gvm is gone.

## Troubleshooting
Q: Error "File xxx cannot be loaded because the execution of scripts is disabled on this system. Please see "get-help about_signing" for more details."

A: By default, PowerShell restricts execution of all scripts. This is all about security. To "fix" this run PowerShell as Administrator and call

	Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned


## Running the Pester Tests

All posh-gvm test are written for Pester. Please see its documentation: https://github.com/pester/Pester

To run the tests in Powershell, load the Pester module and run in posh-gvm dir:

	$ Invoke-Pester
